docs: Marketplace management reorganization (#1344)
mia-platform/documentation: docs/marketplace/add_to_marketplace/add_item_by_type/add_template_or_example.md

## The target

Your template should make the creation of microservices easier by providing a specific technology ready-to-use model.

:::info

For simplicity, in this tutorial, the word **template** refers to both Template and Examples, since they have a common configuration.

:::

### Test

The template should always include integration tests.
Even just to show users where to manage and how to run tests.

Check out the [Node.js service template](https://github.com/mia-platform-marketplace/Node.js-Custom-Plugin-Template/blob/master/tests/index.test.js) to see an example.

### Health routes

Each template, or the eventual service library from which depends, should expose health routes.
These routes provide information on the health of the systems, and let to carry out debugging checks.

:::info
For example, in all Node.js templates, health routes are exposed by [LC-39](https://github.com/mia-platform/lc39)
:::

:::caution
Incorrect setting of health routes can cause disservices.
:::

### Environment variables

Your template has to let an easy reading of the environment variables. Furthermore, for each variable, it should provide the capability to define a defaults name and value.

> To work correctly, each template, or the service library on which depends, needs some specific environment variables:

Reviewer: ma ne siamo sicuri che tutti i template necessitano di queste cose?

* `USERID_HEADER_KEY`
* `USER_PROPERTIES_HEADER_KEY`
* `GROUPS_HEADER_KEY`
* `CLIENTTYPE_HEADER_KEY`
* `BACKOFFICE_HEADER_KEY`
* `MICROSERVICE_GATEWAY_SERVICE_NAME`

Check out the [Node.js service template](https://github.com/mia-platform-marketplace/Node.js-Custom-Plugin-Template/blob/255233ce35ec7748bb4120057dc36fcd2bb3f983/Dockerfile#L29-L30) to see an example.

## The source Git repository

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

- `url`, contains the URL where the markdown file can be retrieved (if its type is `markdown`), or the link where the user should be redirected (if its of type `externalLink`).  

:::info

By adding an **Example** or a **Template**, the code provided will act as a boilerplate for everyone creating a service from that Marketplace item, therefore that code has to be accessible to all the Console users that have access to the Marketplace item.

:::  

Once the user creates a new microservice starting from your template or example, the Console will create a new Git repository in which it will copy all the template files.

:::info

Further details on creating a template are provided by visiting [this documentation page](/marketplace/templates/template_create.md).

:::

## Repository Files Placeholder

The files of your template repository can contain some special placeholders that will be replaced by the Console at the creation of the new microservice:

- `mia_template_image_name_placeholder`: name of the docker image entered by the user;
- `%CUSTOM_PLUGIN_PROJECT_NAME%`: name (label) of the Console project;

> - `mia_template_project_id_placeholder`: id of the Console project;

Reviewer: perchè questi non hanno la stessa sintassi?

Author: perché spaccherebbero la sintassi del Dockerfile o del file in cui si trovano

Author: ad esempio qui spaccherebbe il `go.mod` https://github.com/mia-platform-marketplace/Go-Template/blob/3205405043b56e6d36a7ed36c7d65eef6b82fa8a/go.mod#L1

- `%NEXUS_HOSTNAME%`: docker registry hostname.

:::warning

The following placeholders still work but are deprecated: please do not use them as they will be deleted in future versions.

Consider changing them with the releveant placeholders described above.

:::

- `%CUSTOM_PLUGIN_IMAGE_NAME%`: name of the docker image entered by the user
- `%CUSTOM_PLUGIN_PROJECT_ID%`: id of the Console project;
- `%CUSTOM_PLUGIN_PROJECT_NAMESPACE%`: id of the Console project;
- `%CUSTOM_PLUGIN_SERVICE_NAME%`: service name chosen by the user.

## Categories List

The category list is constantly updated, check with your Mia-Platform referent for the updated list.

| ID       | Description                           |
| -------- | ------------------------------------- |
| `kotlin` | Start From Code - Java/Kotlin         |
| `spa`    | Start From Code - SPA - Angular/React |
| `rust`   | Start From Code - Rust/C/Swift        |
| `nodejs` | Start From Code - Node.js             |
| `golang` | Start From Code - Go                  |
| `python` | Start From Code - Python              |
| `code`   | Start From Code                       |

## Best Practices

> Here are listed some useful advice to strengthen your items:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here is some useful advice to strengthen your items:
```

- **Test**: each service must have well-tested code;
- **Logs**: each service should display the logs, to inform users about the actions they are currently performing and if any errors have been found during their execution.

## Tips & Tricks

>  - **Where to host the zip with the code**: If you code your template on github you can access the zip file using the url https://github.com/&lt;username&gt;/&lt;project-name&gt;/archive/&lt;branch&gt;.tar.gz
>  - **`.mia-platform/` folder**: This folder is used to overwrite files in the main directory and won't be committed in the created repository; you can use it to provide a different README file to developers or to store the images and the marketplace item configuration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - **Where to host the zip with the code**: If you code your template on GitHub you can access the zip file using the URL https://github.com/&lt;username&gt;/&lt;project-name&gt;/archive/&lt;branch&gt;.tar.gz
 - **`.mia-platform/` folder**: This folder is used to overwrite files in the main directory and won't be committed in the created repository; you can use it to provide a different README file to developers or to store the images and the marketplace item configuration
```
